README.md, before:

# Node.js: Working with REST APIs - The Basics & The Practical Application (BACK-END)

Examples from the **"Section 24: Working with REST APIs - The Basics"** and **"Section 25: Working with REST APIs - The Practical Application"** and **"Section 26: Understanding Async Await in Node.js"** of the course **"NodeJS - The Complete Guide (MVC, REST APIs, GraphQL, Deno)"** by Academind (Maximilian Schwarzmüller).

Section 24 covered:

- [X] What are REST APIs and why do we use Them?
- [X] Accessing Data with REST APIs
- [X] Understanding Routing & HTTP Methods
- [X] REST APIs - The Core Principles
- [X] Creating our REST API Project & Implementing the Route Setup
- [X] Sending Requests & Responses and Working with Postman
- [X] REST APIs, Clients & CORS Errors
- [X] Sending POST Requests

Section 25 covered:

- [X] REST APIs & The Rest Of The Course
- [X] Understanding the Frontend Setup
- [x] Planning the API
- [x] Fetching Lists of Posts
- [x] Adding a Create Post Endpoint
- [x] Adding Server Side Validation
- [x] Setting Up a Post Model
- [x] Storing Posts in the Database
- [x] Static Images & Error Handling
- [x] Fetching a Single Post
- [x] Uploading Images
- [x] Updating Posts
- [x] Deleting Posts
- [x] Adding Pagination
- [x] Adding a User Model
- [x] Adding User Signup Validation
- [x] Signing Users Up
- [x] How Does Authentication Work?
- [x] Starting with User Login
- [x] Logging In & Creating JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)
- [x] Using & Validating the Token
- [x] Adding Auth Middleware to All Routes
- [x] Connecting Posts & Users
- [x] Adding Authorization Checks
- [x] Clearing Post-User Relations

Section 26 covered:

- [X] What is Async Await All About?
- [x] Transforming "Then Catch" to "Async Await"
- [x] Top-level "await"


More info: https://www.udemy.com/course/nodejs-the-complete-guide/

Commit message:

Adding client and server connection

README.md, after:

# Node.js: Working with REST APIs - The Basics & The Practical Application (BACK-END)

Examples from the **"Section 24: Working with REST APIs - The Basics"** and **"Section 25: Working with REST APIs - The Practical Application"** and **"Section 26: Understanding Async Await in Node.js"** and **"Section 27: Understanding Websockets & Socket.io"** of the course **"NodeJS - The Complete Guide (MVC, REST APIs, GraphQL, Deno)"** by Academind (Maximilian Schwarzmüller).

Section 24 covered:

- [X] What are REST APIs and why do we use Them?
- [X] Accessing Data with REST APIs
- [X] Understanding Routing & HTTP Methods
- [X] REST APIs - The Core Principles
- [X] Creating our REST API Project & Implementing the Route Setup
- [X] Sending Requests & Responses and Working with Postman
- [X] REST APIs, Clients & CORS Errors
- [X] Sending POST Requests

Section 25 covered:

- [X] REST APIs & The Rest Of The Course
- [X] Understanding the Frontend Setup
- [x] Planning the API
- [x] Fetching Lists of Posts
- [x] Adding a Create Post Endpoint
- [x] Adding Server Side Validation
- [x] Setting Up a Post Model
- [x] Storing Posts in the Database
- [x] Static Images & Error Handling
- [x] Fetching a Single Post
- [x] Uploading Images
- [x] Updating Posts
- [x] Deleting Posts
- [x] Adding Pagination
- [x] Adding a User Model
- [x] Adding User Signup Validation
- [x] Signing Users Up
- [x] How Does Authentication Work?
- [x] Starting with User Login
- [x] Logging In & Creating JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)
- [x] Using & Validating the Token
- [x] Adding Auth Middleware to All Routes
- [x] Connecting Posts & Users
- [x] Adding Authorization Checks
- [x] Clearing Post-User Relations

Section 26 covered:

- [X] What is Async Await All About?
- [x] Transforming "Then Catch" to "Async Await"
- [x] Top-level "await"

Section 27 covered:

- [x] What Are Websockets & Why Would You Use Them?
- [x] Websocket Solutions - An Overview
- [x] Setting Up Socket.io on the Server
- [x] Establishing a Connection From the Client
- [ ] Identifying Realtime Potential
- [ ] Sharing the IO Instance Across Files
- [ ] Synchronizing POST Additions
- [ ] Fixing a Bug - The Missing Username
- [ ] Updating Posts On All Connected Clients
- [ ] Sorting Correctly
- [ ] Deleting Posts Across Clients

More info: https://www.udemy.com/course/nodejs-the-complete-guide/
